updated sequence diagram and readme for v0.2 (#86)
flashbots/mev-boost: README.md

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/755466764501909692)](https://discord.gg/7hvTycdNcK)
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

> A service that allows Ethereum PoS consensus clients to outsource block construction to third party block builders in addition to execution clients. See [ethresearch post](https://ethresear.ch/t/mev-boost-merge-ready-flashbots-architecture/11177/) for the high level architecture and **[`docs/specification.md`](https://github.com/flashbots/mev-boost/blob/main/docs/specification.md)** for the specification and implementation details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A service that allows Ethereum Consensus Layer (CL) clients to outsource block construction to third party block builders in addition to execution clients. See [ethresearch post](https://ethresear.ch/t/mev-boost-merge-ready-flashbots-architecture/11177/) for the high level architecture and **[`docs/specification.md`](https://github.com/flashbots/mev-boost/blob/main/docs/specification.md)** for the specification and implementation details.
```
